Chica heard a noise below her and saw Golden Freddy glaring at her through a missing tile. "You done freaking out?" He asked. Chica nodded slowly. "Sorry. I thought I saw... him." Golden Freddy gave a softer look before another voice came from down there. "I"ll help you guys in anyway I can." Henna grew sad. "I just... I don"t think we can. At this point... I just want to see my sister again." Golden Freddy gave a sad look. "Look, hang in there. Keep at it, ok?" And with that he put the tile back in place. Chica left the kitchen and went down the East Hall. She became aware of rustling curtains and could tell Foxy was getting ready for his attack. Chica looked at the camera, noticing it was on, and turned back to the Dining Area. She saw Foxy come out from behind the curtains, and the two shared a look. Foxy stared at the camera, his hand just out of sight. After a while, he pointed towards the office, and Chica stalked down the hall. She could hear Bonnie"s footsteps on the other side of the office area. From his footsteps, he seems to have gone back to the Supply Closet. The East Hall camera wasn"t lighting up. She was in the blind spot. This was her chance. Chica made it to the window. The guard still hadn"t lowered the monitor. She was at the door. She was deathly silent. Henna kept her presence to a minimum. Chica was focused. She was right at the doorway. She was lurking in for the kill. And the door was slammed in her face at the last possible moment. She went back to the window to see the guard staring at her with very evident fear. How did he see her? His eyes were practically glued to the monitor. "Hmph. Camera"s were enough to stack the odds. This one"s cheating somehow." Chica stood there for a while until the 6 AM bells rang, and she regrettably stalked back to the Stage. "Oh well. Sooner or later, we"ll get in.' The Base - Sonic Adventure 2 The technician arrived a little early, and the Evening guard got there too before the Night guard had a chance to leave. "Hey, there... Mike. I gotta say, I was a little surprised you made it past Night 2." The redhead said. The guard, Mike, scoffed. "Gee, thanks for the support." "Well, when you have a close call like that with Bonnie on Night 1, I wouldn"t think you"d be so lucky on Night 2." Mike stared at the boy. "How did you know Bonnie almost got in?" Chica and the others paid attention to the exchange. The Evening guard chuckled a bit. "All you need to know right now is that we look for secrets, and we have some of our own." Mike seemed to stare at the boy for a second before shrugging. "Well at least you don"t have the animatronics trying to kill you on your shift." The two teenagers shared a look before turning towards the stage. "What do you know about the Missing Children Incident?" Mike stared at the two. "I know that you two would have been in diapers when it happened." When the redhead glared at him he relented. "The newspapers mentioned that five kids were led somewhere out of the cameras" views by someone wearing a decommissioned suit at one of the kid"s birthday party." The redhead looked at Mike out the corner of his eye. "Something about the way you said that seems... suspicious." A bump came from beneath the Show Stage, and, at the same time, Chica noticed Mike freeze. "What is that supposed to mean?" Mike glared at the redhead. "How old were you?" "What? "During the Missing Children Incident, how old were you?" "I was 14." The technician almost looked disappointed. "Oh. Then never mind. I thought I was on to something." The three of them stood as the Manager walked in. He stopped by the three. "Oh, Konnor. You"re here early." The Manager smiles. "Here to do some extra work?" The Evening Guard shook his head. "Just here to talk to these knuckleheads. I think I"ll be going now." Konnor saluted the other three and left. The Manager and Mike stared after him, while the technician just rolled his eyes. "Mr. Richards, can I talk to you for a bit?" Mr. Richards"s smile stayed. "Why, sure thing Samuel." The two walked down to the Manager"s Office. It was now 8 AM, and Chica watched as Mike finally took his leave and two children and one adult walked in. And Freddy started the show. "Hey, everyone! And welcome to Freddy Fazbear"s Pizza!" He said to the nearly empty room. So, when it came to the music I"m sure most of you aren"t actually listening to, I was going to try and keep it to songs from FNaF, but I had an epiphany just now. The mostly ambiance tracks of FNaF won"t fit scenes like what this chapter ended with. Oops. I didn"t really think that one through. So have an SA2 song. I"m sure I"m not the only Sonic fan to like FNaF. And even then, you don"t even have to be a fan to like the music. I first heard it in a Brawl Machinima. The scene had nothing to do with Sonic. But I should talk about the chapter now, right? Eh. I guess I could. So... we saw a flashback from Jessica, and how it also effected Chica. That"s interesting. Also now the Evening Guard is with the technician. And we know both of their names. Speaking of these characters, or at the very least Samuel, I think it"s only just now sinking in for me that, before this story, I just completely dropped from writing Fanfiction for like two years. That"s... uh... that wasn"t part of the plan in the slightest. I honestly don"t know exactly what happened. I had a cool idea that didn"t go through, but it really shouldn"t have taken this long for any reason other than "I"m in the hospital and I can"t feel my fingers." I just... I have no excuse. Simple as that. And it"s not even as though I dropped from this site, no. I was still reading fanfiction, I just wasn"t doing anything of my own, and I feel really scummy about it. But enough about me. Enjoy Valentine"s Day, those of you who have someone to enjoy it with. And to those that don"t, well... neither do I. We can cry together... across the internet, and possibly thousands of miles away. I think. Probably. Whatever the radius of Earth is times two. Ah. On time today. Well... A bit more insight today is what ye be gettin" if that be what ye be seeking. As you can no doubt tell, by the last two chapters and that pirate thing, today is Foxy"s chapter. I don"t really have anything interesting to say this time. I might not put up an Author"s Note at the bottom of the chapter. Foxy looked at his surroundings. He had a pirate ship, a beach, treasure chests, and some wooden swords for the kids to play with. Too bad it all went to waste. No one came by, and he couldn"t leave. Whenever they had no adversaries to face, they would come by at night, but that didn"t happen very often. Foxy wished he could help them more, but his programming was a bit different. He was always allowed to be active, but he wasn"t supposed to leave the cove. Ever. He could fight the programming long enough to strike every now and again, but soon he was forced back to be all alone on Pirate Cove. Well, he wasn"t all alone. He had Cameron. But the two of them couldn"t keep each other distracted. For eighteen hours each and every day it was just them. "It"s not fair!"Cameron shouted as he heard the noise of the children on the other side of the Dining Area. "You deserve to have your own show! So what, you"re twitchy. It"s a character trait!' "There be nothing we can do, Mate. It be the management"s decision. And they had somewhat of a sound reason...' "So what it was a Foxy model? It wasn"t you!"Foxy stopped his pacing. "Foxy... sorry.' "I miss the lass.' "One more thing unfair about management"s decisions.' It was nearing midnight. Foxy could hear the footsteps of the Night Guard, Mike, walking past him. Foxy took a peek through the curtains. Foxy saw a similar image of someone else wearing that purple uniform. In the vision, the man was standing in the Cove with him, but he didn"t think about attacking the guard. Why should he? He"s done nothing wrong. "Foxy?' Foxy ran over to the group of kids that were waiting for his show to begin. "Ar, Mateys! I be Cap"n Foxy!" This group was awfully quiet. "Foxy, snap out of it!' "Would you like to take a look around me Cove? I have lots o" treasure for ye to get yer hands on!" The children didn"t move. Foxy then noticed the puddles beneath the children. That"s when the guard flicked a switch, forcing Foxy to shut down. Foxy felt the equivalent of a smack to the face and came out of the vision. "Sorry, lad. I... I"m fine now." Foxy took a look and could see Chica in the Dining Area. "Aye. Look"s like things have started." Foxy was joined in the Cove by Golden Freddy. "Ay. What brings ye here?" "My marker appeared while the guard was looking at the poster. So I used it to get into the office, but it looks like those two troublemakers found a way to counter me." "What did they do?" Golden Freddy looked a little shaken. "There was a marker on the back of the Guard"s monitor. It seemed like he had just barely noticed me when he lifted it back up. I was warped away to here, and as I left I could see the Guard"s fear stricken face." Foxy opened his mouth, then closed it again. "They can do that?" "Apparently. That"s not all the news I have, though. Bryan seemed to recognize the guy, but he hasn"t said a word yet." Foxy shrugged. "He"ll tell ye later if it"s important." Golden Freddy nodded and left for underneath the Show Stage. "Da da dum dum dum da dum dum dum diddly doom doom doom diddly doom. Dum dum diddly dum dum dum diddly dum dum dum dum dum dum." An hour or two had passed. Foxy wasn"t sure how he had any hope of keeping track of time. But he decided now was as good a time as any to get a closer look at the outside. He could see Chica heading over by the Restrooms, and Bonnie walking in the direction of Backstage. Freddy wasn"t on the stage, so he must be moving as well. Upon closer inspection, Foxy could just barely see him near the Restrooms. After a little while, Bonnie zipped past Foxy towards West Hall. "Hey, Foxy." He called a