I shift a bit, warily letting my eyes dart from one owl to the other -- but my eyes are trained on the Barn Owl the most. Like Hoole...so like Hoole... He turns a bit, and our eyes meet directly. I can"t describe it...in this next moment, I don"t look away, how awkward it seems. I stare into his eyes. They"re like Hoole"s... They are Barn Owl eyes, but Hoole"s eyes. They"re his eyes...Hoole"s eyes... They hold that light of valor, justice, that one glow that I always made me feel my gizzard twitch in the bottom of my heart. Hoole... He never wanted me, did he? He loved me, but only who I was pretending to be. He never loved me, only Emerilla...lucky owl. I just wanted to belong -- because I was nothing -- and he gave me that. He was so fair, so kind...he gave me something even Kreeth could not. Mum and Da -- Ygryk and Pleek -- were supposed to be my parents. I was supposed to be their chick, Lutta. Yet they left me. They talked about me behind my back...I was a freak. My own parents loathed me. Oh, they tried, but they left in the end. They didn"t love me. Kreeth used me. No one really loved me, or even looked at me normally. All I was was a freak, nothing at all. Then he came along. Him, Hoole. The only one who let me belong, looked at me with kindness in his gaze, not looking like I was a...monster... Why was I born? Not one person cared about me. I was just freak my parents didn"t want, a weapon for auntie"s uses, and a fake to my only love. He cared, but didn"t know me. In the end, I was a monster to him too. Now I"m back. And now I wonder... I suddenly stiffen as I think up to a thought. "What happened?" I shoot up and stare into those kind eyes. I trust him to answer. "Please, who are you? Where am I? Where"s...Where"s"--I choke up, but the question is already on my tongue--"Hoole?" My talons clench as the name leaves me. At once, I see sympathy clearly written over their faces. A pang enters my heart. Sympathy for me? A nothing? "Lutta." Sweet words again, and I suddenly wonder how this Barn Owl knows my name. "It"s hard to explain, but please..." "Listen carefully." Everyone, including me, jumps as the Great Gray speaks -- in a rather booming voice -- for the first time. The Elf Owl frowns at him. The older Barn Owl gives him a quick nudge. Words tumble from the young Barn Owl"s beak. "Lutta, we read about you in legends. It"s been a long time since you were... "Well, you"re at the Great Ga"Hoole Tree, and it"s been a long time since you were..." His voice dies down as he hesitates. "Dead," the older Barn Owl finishes. He says it with that sympathy shown in his eyes. "It"s been thousands of years from your time, and we read about you from some legends about some...events..." He clears his throat, determined to go on. "Coryn here"--a gesture at the young Barn Owl--"is the king. I"m his uncle, Soren. This is Gylfie"--a gesture at the Elf Owl, who nods in greeting--"Twilight," the Great Gray, "and Digger"--what a funny looking Burrowing Owl. "My uncle and his friends are called the Band," Coryn adds. I let this newfound information seep in. Thousands of years? Could this be possible? I was dead, right? It"s been so long -- and...I was dead? How...? "I have a GIZZARD!" "You do not have a gizzard, you fool! you idiot! I created you." "You created me, but I created this gizzard!" "No!" What is this? "Emerilla?" He turns as I change. He knows now...what am I to do? Dismay spreads through my body. He"ll probably think I"m a freak too, and he"ll hate me. But I love him! In the next second, I"m flying at him. Adrenline floods me as I feel...am I losing myself? This gref... He"ll hate me now. I slam into him, and he flies backward. "I love you!" I want to scream. I want to scream those three words. To let him understand. I want to scream, "I love you!" Then, an enexpected blow to the back of my head. Pain. Unexpected pain. Then talons, stopping me in my tracks. Talons...digging into me, slashing everywhere. My vision spins to red. I"m being ripped apart at the seams. Torn. No... Why are you...? I sink, and I fall apart, literally. My feathers fall off, as my body becomes a lump of darkness. A lump of feathers. I truly am nothing... You"d expect a real body when one is torn by claws -- and yet...feathers only. My phantom gizzard lurches. "Half-hags!" "I had to kill her." WHY? "She pretended to be my Emerilla." Is that all! I"m going to die like this! Just because I was an imposter! "I knew from the start that something was not right about her. A blood deception she was -- a hagsfiend." Anger -- hot, seeping rage enters me. And cold feelings. Feeling that make me want to shed tears. "No!" I manage. "Who are you?" Who? Hoole...you accept me as someone? Hoole... "I am nothing...and yet, I loved..." I loved... "Lutta?" "Hey! Are you all right?" "What"s wrong? Lutta!" I sink down as my mind spins. Then, I black out. All was dark except for the fluttering movement of wings -- brown wings. A Barn Owl shifted in the branches of the magnificent tree, her dark eyes gleaming as she looked into the hollow. How strange that she could get so close to the tree so easily. She was but a sillhouette against the branched skies. She eyed the hollow, and the inhabitants. Her son...too bad she would have to kill him. He would have made a fine pure owl, had he not inherited his uncle"s stupid softness. She could just kill him, right there and then. How easy, that everything she had been working for for the last few months would just be completed now, so easily. She could easily snatch the ember, then swoop in and kill Coryn, his disgraceful uncle, and get her dear mate"s -- rest his soul -- revenge. Then, kill those pathetic owls that were always around Soren, and anyone else she comes across in the tree, just for a bonus. It would be wonderful to see their pained, stupefied faces as she sank her claws through their feathers, one by one. Then she saw the hagsfiend, and her eyes widened in horror. I am the last! How is this possible? Why is she in that hollow! She could just kill her as well -- but her eyes caught something, and her gizzard twitched. No...she"ll just stay back and observe. This hagsfiend could prove some use to her and... Sadistic impulse shot through Nyra"s gizzard. The adoring gleam in the hagsfiend"s eye as she stared at Nyroc. No, she"ll wait. Nyra silently spread her wings and swooped into the night sky. She had plotting to do. PT: Please, enjoy :) I hope I can fill up some holes in the story as soon as I can. Though, they"re there for suspense. Please review! Nothing, Yet A Love Never Dying PT: THANKS SO MUCH FOR READING, EVERYONE!! Enjoy! I have a little more to say: I know the last book already came out, and I"ve finished it already. I"m a little stunned, but in courtesy of those who have not yet finished it, I won"t spoil it. However, despite the end, I"m continuing the fic the way it is. I"ve just noticed how much I"ve been neglecting the story O.o Anyways, I was rather...displeased with a few stories stuck in the GoGH fandom, and while I was planning to leave it after finishing this fic, I might a few more fics for this. Not that I have hubris...I just...don"t know...I just think I"ll contribute to the fandom with a few fics of angst :D Anani Mouse Thank you, thank you so much :D -Head swells- Frosted Fate Yeah, poor Lutta D: Wish Hoole ended up with her. One of the Populace Oh...-sobs- Hi! :D FlamingSerpent Thanks! I"m flattered x) True, Nyra"s so important to the plot -- being sadistic and plotting revenge, among other things :) Hawkrain I"m glad you"re eager :D Thanks for reviewing and liking it! :) Lara-Van Thank you, thank you -bows- X) It"s great that you think that; cheered me right up ;) The Great Tree I can make them hurt... My Mum and Da. I can make them feel the pain that they"ve put on me. They can hurt, and I"d be able to do it to them. A change in our positions is want I want so badly, and they"d taste the bile they stuck in my throat. They left me...they left me, their chick Lutta. Theirs. I have the power now -- to make them hurt. I can make them hurt. I can make them hurt... "Lutta!" Stop slapping me. "Lutta, wake up!" Slap. Stop slapping me with your wing, it stings. Slap. Slap. "WAKE UP, Lutta." Slap. Slap. Stop it! I"m trying to-- "Lutta, please!" ...Hoole? Hoole"s voice! I flick my eyelids open -- all four of them -- at the same time. Hoole? No, it"s Coryn. Just Coryn. "Lutta, are you all right?" The way he looks at me...it"s like Hoole. So much like Hoole. "I"m fine," I answer, and immediately scan my surroundings. Perhaps I have become overly paranoid with time, but I can"t be sure. In any case, I can"t let my guard down in this case; I could find myself dead in a second, just like that I died in an instant -- killed by Strix Strumajen. I shudder, remembering the memory of being ripped. Ripping, ripping, tearing, blood, pain-- Death. And then... Well, I don"t want to think about what I don"t remember. After that, there was nothing but a cluster of memories of what happened within death-- Falling. Falling... Floating...unraveling...flowing through the winds...becoming one with nature...then falling.... Falling, falling downwards, a curse uttered upon my kind: "To hagsmire." Hagsmire, where the ones who have sinned within their lives went, for eternal damnation. Hagsmire, for hagsfiends, and...and... Nothings. Nothings -- they who mean nothing to the world, who should never have entered this life, this realm of breathing. Falling, agony, curses, darkness, cold hate. Those flaws of what life and death decide. And nothings. Nothings, like me. Nothing. Snap out of it. I don"t want to remember. Of being one of the damned. And now I"m back. Why? "Lutta?" -- and I look up. Hoole -- no, Coryn. Coryn, the Barn Owl. Unconsciously, I stare at him with huge eyes that deserve to pop out of their sockets. "Yes?" I say. Oh Coryn, please don"t look at me like that. You look like Hoole, please, don"t loo