"All will become one with Russia," he said, almost simply, his cheer eerie. Fists were already clenched; now they groped about, for a pan, a rifle, a sword-there was nothing. In some way, this brought her but a sigh of relief-Gilbert and Roderich, she was reminded, were not here to suffer as well. If Ivan put his giant hands on Roderich... Click, went an object, and Elizaveta was snapped into the world when her own instincts pulled her head away; on time, for Ivan"s collar was soon found to be touching the tip of her nose: she went cross-eyed staring at the thing: it pinched her skin, now red with anger. How dare you- Oppression! No one could lay that yoke above her again!-she would never allow it! Even when a sort of purple shroud seemed to wrap itself about Ivan and blaze as a fire would...even as a faint eerie "kolkolkol" was thick in the air...Elizaveta held her ground-glaring, hating, repulsing. Oppression. No more oppression...! His eyes dropped; his hand followed: with a bolt of alarm-lechery?-feint?-Elizaveta took one step back, bristling as the wolf does. Watching the muscles of the Russian arms twitch, she ducked when he snatched at where her waist would have been had she remained still; with a quick flush of indignation, she glared upward; if only Ludwig had not been forced out! He had retreated with such haste, back to Berlin, offering to bring her with him, though knowing that she would not leave-Hungary was her, and her place. So he had left, alone and resigned to the fact that even Veneziano had to leave him, taken by the Allies. Elizaveta had watched him go with as much resignation. Endsieg, the Germans called it. Ivan was huge, behemoth above an ant...no, not an ant, but perhaps a lotus...perhaps a hybrid of that with a rose. There is no rose without thorns, after all. The Soviets had already been merciless, ruthless as the next army: the ache of rape and massacre fluttered about the land. If anything, the nation itself would fight. Useless as it was. Ivan dropped the collar. Still galvanizing with mental shocks down the spine, she watched closely. Too closely. Ivan"s hand dove downwards and snatched. With a horrified she jumped back, giving a swift right hook to his neck, the closest she could reach. -And in the end, it almost didn"t matter. Ivan smiled triumphantly as a long-forgotten weight was shifted from her belt. With a savage look from one of him and Elizaveta, the paper was in between his fingers...Elizaveta looked, stunned-in the moment it felt as if the appendix had been removed from her body. As useless yet familiar thing was there, the memory of its origins...filled with not blood, but gore-milk skin against the universe of deadness. The paper was scrolled about the Russian"s fingers; somehow, it completed the image-a bloody Soviet, grinning wickedly as the royal purple billowed from his eyes: to top it all off, a dirty cream paper twisted about his raised digits. It was almost gray. She had long since forgotten about the thing; the small text, written in Gilbert"s-a frantic parry-handwriting; out fell a finger, and it was the one from the bombed wreck. Just its weight-it had been there all along, useless, a little keepsake of Berlin; what she had seen there. What she had left behind for her own Hungarian version. It was white still, yet shriveled, and dry-that was all; it had changed, though not enough. "German," Ivan said, warmly-no, coldly...swelteringly icy, and that was oxymoronic, but oxymoronic was practically the composure of him...him, all him. "This is a finger from Germany, da?" "How do you..." She sucked in a breath; refused to let her eyes widen. The grin widened; "Just a lucky guess." He giggled, sickeningly, violet mist shrouding the remains of his person; his teeth were a white and perfect-they flashed in the buttercup sun, which laid its yellow upon the stiff white ground, touched with chill. Elizaveta stood stock-still then: she did the whole time; something had been torn away, and it lay resting among Ivan"s grubby fingers, clad in leather-worn leather gloves that anyone would wear these days...she rubbed at her own, slightly shredded, at the still-clothed fingertips. Hands-they were worn down: hers and Ivan"s. Beaten flesh. Looking up again, relief flashed briefly, the white light stark against her crimson crumbling heart, or else the mind-one was meaningful as the other; with that thought, of Roderich, Gilbert, Ludwig, Veneziano, and the war as a human, Ares... Endsieg. There was nothing to lose, but more lives. Eyeing the Russians, who had swept her land into scorched blood, she charged. There was nothing more to lose, and she kept on telling herself that. Even as the Soviets rushed over, rustling the paper with the breeze stirred by their boots; even as she lay ready to die, ready to live, tired as a nation at the end of his time. There was plenty of dust, and plenty of blood, and her body ached. It fit-it all fit. The yoke had been laid over her shoulders-the niggling thought that it was cracked brought no satisfaction: the Soviets still had claim laid over the land fought so hard for: Everything I"ve done, she thought, as a cough formed within her throat, was for my people. Her thoughts flickered, at Roderich, at Gilbert-if she could not fight, she could marry, or give herself over; but she could fight, she merely needed the mentality rather than the plentiful physique: that was why she was in...this. "Fuck," she breathed, eyes shut against the world. The last soldier soon disappeared through the limits of sound; peace and dust remained-not one stray man was left, no one else to strap the lead to her bones. Limbs aching, heart aching, mind aching, she lay there among the debris- No wonder, then, said the idle mind; she could have scowled, but it would have hurt too much-coughing did not help: if it stayed, it hurt the throat; if it was released, it cut the throat; the effort of checking it racked the whole body, and there was none of it anyway. Head lolling back, Elizaveta felt the paper, the finger, lying dead on the ground: Russia had dropped it, mockingly, to replace the grave flowers. There were no flowers, aside from those withered things in her hair. They were papery. Still, being near dead...the well of strength was dry. There was but moisture left in the moss growing upon the clammy stone-up the frozen cylinder it traveled, and so she flinched when the hand came. It was cold. Cold-and yet, hot as ice-white and freezing; the touch was familiar. It was light as a feather. The feather was upon the shoulder; it pressed, though not harshly; still, it could not be described as gentle. The hand was frail as her strength-brittle and cold and old. She refused to open her eyes then. She had decided, some time ago, that she liked the dark. She preferred it; it was friendly, and it allowed ignorance to be an excuse. It was kind, and she wished it could be a closer friend. But white-why white... "Hey," said something, someone, something, someone. The ax scraped against the stone; it rasped with a familiar tinge of the past months, which were long as eternity, significant as the rest of time"s children. It was a beautifully ugly voice, salty, bloody, white as fire. In the next moment there was nothing but one thing-it could not be. The pressure increased, it was beginning to hurt. Not able to growl, Elizaveta shifted with painful instinct-another cough ripped through her chest. "Hey," said something again, and she summoned what was left of the moisture in the moss to flick her eyes open-it hurt: her eyes stung in white with water, but she knew it would come to pass. Everything comes to pass. Everything-absolutely everything: she had to keep on telling herself that, for though it passed, it took its very sweet time doing so; so that she could almost taste the bitter sparks on her tongue; it was parched, and thus drier. Spice. "Fuck you," she whistled through her throat. It stung. It could not be. The pressure increased, not unexpectedly; it squeezed upon her shoulder, and it took a large muster of strength to finally blink the fluids away from the eyes, so that they were a clear green again-the first sight was white, as it always was-the second blink brought the sight of red, and some part of her-somewhere, deep down or hidden-despaired: agony nudged at her again, and she knew that those papers would not have been so kind as to let her go: no, she had to confront; it was a gift of something...that would not irk her for the rest of eternity, and yet a curse of more pain. The choice of selfishness or selflessness, when both loosed their boundaries and came together. And that hurt. More than anything, that hurt-the scorch of disappointment; denial, anxiety, fear-there was too much of it. And yet, she did not want him dead. It had taken her time, so much time to realize that...but she did not wish death upon anyone, having seen too much of it as the clock ticked away-she had never wanted anyone to truly die. Gilbert Beilschmidt, though she hated him above all, was no exception. But in times such as now, when war tore the world apart-when history decided to twist itself about-when the nations crumbled-how could death not be a blessing?-at this point she could almost want them all to be dead. Roderich, Gilbert, Veneziano, Ludwig...and yet she would watch with relief on the day that each of them would pick themselves up, and charge into the distance with life. She hated war. She blinked rapidly, staring, always watching; though she ached, she let the next batter of coughing come to pass-shock, it overcame her then. Charging upward, body screaming in protest, she could only slap him with strength that came by habit, before wrapping both arms around him, wondering how and why in hell- "Get off me, woman!" he protested, attempting to flail; she saw now that the tin had been stripped away, or at least most of it, as she felt him, flesh and cloth and hair-from the unhealthy