"I"m fine. It"s just . . . I can"t believe Dallas keeps ditching me and I"m starting to think I"m too clingy and what if he wants to dump me? And then there"s my dad. He"s completely obsessed with this girl and I haven"t even met her yet. I don"t even know her name! What if he"s serious about her? What if they get married? She might be like an evil step mother. She might mak me her slave like in Cinderella or lock me in a tower or she might-" Austin grabbed Ally hands as she tried to bring her hair up to her mouth, ready to chew it. "Ally, chill!" Austin interrupted her. "I don"t think it"s possible for one person to have that many worries. Don"t worry, Dallas would be stupid to dump you and your dad would ask you before he made a big decision like that. And where would someone find a tower to lock you in in Miami?!" Austin watched as the smile returned to Ally"s face and realized he was still holding into her hand. He quickly let go as Ally reached up for a hug. "Thank you, Austin," Ally said as she embraced him. "You always know just what to say. " "I know. I"m amazing," Austin joked, popping his collar after Ally let him go. Ally gave him a light slap on his shoulder as her father walked in. "Ally, what are you doing working?" he asked. Ally looked confused. "You should go out. Find love, like I did . . ." He pushed the pair out of the store and waved goodbye. "See this is what I mean he"s being really weird," Ally told Austin, looking worried. "Maybe that"s what happens when you"re in love," Austin shrugged. "Whatever. You have the day off again. Lets go find Trish and Dez!" While the two were wandering the mall, they bumped into Dez. "Hey Dez, where have you been?" Austin asked his best friend. "With Mandy," Dez replied as if it were the most obvious answer in the world. Austin looked like he wanted to ask about Mandy but decided against it. "We"re going to Connie"s to look for Trish. Wanna come?" "Sure. I needed Connie"s card anyway. Mandy and I have been having some problems," he whispered the last part. The trio arrived at Connie"s to find it completely packed. They also saw Trish . . . working. She saw the gang and walked over to them. "Are we in some alternate universe or something?" Ally joked. "Are you actually working, Trish?" "Yeah. I am," Trish replied. "Connie set me up with Trent. So I owe her." "You"re with Trent again?!" Austin said, incredulously. "After all he did to me. He ..." "I got to get back to work," Trish said, cutting him off. "Wait, I need to talk to Connie Mandy and I . . ." Dez chased after Trish. "Could this day get any weirder?!" Ally exclaimed, turning to Austin. "Do you two need any help?" Connie suddenly appeared before them, getting a cloudy look in her eyes. "I sense trouble on its way. Lots of drama. You"ll come to me soon." "I think it just got weirder," Austin whispered to Ally, grabbing her arm and slowly backing out of the store. "Actually, we were just leaving." "You"ll be back soon . . ." Connie watched as they left the store in a hurry. On the way back to Sonic Boom, while Austin and Ally were giggling about Connie, they bumped into Dallas. "Ally, I tried looking for you at your store but you weren"t there," Dallas to her. "Oh sorry. I was with Austin," Ally explained. Austin, who stood a few feet away to give them privacy, waved when they looked his way. He watched as Ally"s face went from anger and sadness to joy and happiness throughout the conversation. "So, I"m guessing he made it up to you," Austin said as Ally walked back to him, a smile on her face. "Yup," Ally confirmed. "He said he was sorry and that he"d make it up to me with a date tomorrow!" "We"ll that"s one of your worries gone," Austin said, truly happy for her. Yet he couldn"t get rid of that feeling in his stomach. The feeling that something was up with Dallas. Oh well, he ignored it. "So Ms. Dawson, what shall we do today then?" "Well Mr. Moon," Ally laughed as she played along to his weird little game. "I was thinking we go to the zoo. You know, visit Pickles?" "Why a splendid idea," Austin put on his best Britsh accent. "Off we go." He held out his arm for Ally which she gladly took, giggling. After a few minutes of walking and exchanging British banter, Austin suddenly let go if Ally and shouted, "Race ya to the bus station!" "Typical Austin," Ally said to herself, smiling as she watched Austin sprint away from her. "Wait for me!" she chases after him, running perfectly fine in her heeled boots, not tripping once. The two enjoyed their fun day at the zoo, oblivious to all the mystery that will soon come. So what"d you guys think of the chapter? I couldn"t resist adding the little Auslly fluff at the end. Also, I didn"t feel like rereading so sorry about any mistakes. Please review. :) Chapter 4- Confessions of Love Ally wandered around the park, looking for Dallas. They had agreed on meeting in front of the ice-cream cart by seven. Sure it was only 6:56 but Dallas was usually early. "Boo," a voice behind Ally said, startling her. She turned to face Dallas in a gray blazer and a blue button up shirt. "Am I late?" "No, it"s only 6:57," Ally informed him, checking her phone. "I would have been here sooner but I was a little busy . . ." Dallas said, mysteriously. "Doing what?" Ally asked. "I"ll show you," he grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the trees. "Where are you taking me?" Ally asked, trying to avoid stepping on the dirt and stay on the path. "Here we are!" he opened his arms dramatically. Ally was awestruck. There were standing in a little clearing among the trees. It was where Austin had his date with Kira that one time. Only it looked different today. There was a blanket in the middle on top of the grass, surrounded by candles. A cute basket sat on the blanket, no doubt filled with all of Ally"s favorite foods. "It"s amazing," Ally said with a huge smile. "There"s more," Dallas led Ally to the blanket, sat down, and pulled out a laptop from the basket. "We can watch a movie. You pick." "Aww . . . Dallas. This is the perfect date!" Ally exclaimed, hugging him. "It"s all for you," Dallas said to her, taking a deep breath before beginning his big apology. "I just wanted to let you know that I"m sorry. I"m sorry for blowing you off, and not being a good boyfriend and everything." "It"s alright Dallas," Ally quickly forgave him. "And you are a good boyfriend." Dallas grabbed Ally"s hand and looked into her eyes. "Ally," he paused for dramatic effect. "I love you." Ally looked a little shocked and soon after began blushing. Before she could respond , Dallas kissed her. ~Later at Sonic Boom~ Ally walked into Sonic Boom after her date. She heard someone playing the piano in the practice room. Ally was confused. No one had the key to the store except her, her father, and Austin. She quickly grabbed a loaf of bread that was randomly lying on the counter, probably because of Dez. Ahe sneakily made her way up the stairs. "Three . . . Two . . . One . . ." she whispered to herself before bursting through the door, waving the loaf of bread around and screaming. Austin shrieked and jumped off of the piano bench, surprised. "Ally?" Austin grabbed his heart. "Thanks for the heart attack!" He took the loaf of bread out of her hand and took a bite out of it. "If I was a burglar, how would a loaf of bread protect you?" "I don"t know! I heard noises. I needed a weapon and this was the only thing I could find," Ally tried to defend herself. "You could have grabbed a guitar or something." "What are you doing here anyway?" Ally asked. "Trish and Dez are busy and you were on a date, so I had no one to hang out with. So I came here," Austin explained. "You wanted to hang out . . . at 11pm?" "Hey don"t judge me! So what are you doing here anyway?" Austin sat back down on the piano bench and Ally went to join him. "I just got back form my date with Dallas. Didn"t really feel like going home yet." "How"d the date go?" Austin asked, mainly out of courtesy. He really didn"t want to hear all the details of her date. "It was amazing!" A huge smile grew on Ally"s face and Austin wondered if her had ever made her smile like that. "He made me a picnic in that little clearing in the park with candles and -" "I remember the last time we went there," Austin interrupted. " I dragged you through the trees." He chuckled at the memory of twigs getting stuck in their hair and how much fun they had that day. "Well, we took the path like normal people," Ally sent a look at Austin, who was thinking about how his way was waayyy funner. "Anyways He put candles around our blanket and we ate pickles and all my favorite foods and then we watched a silent film and then we danced together . . ." Austin chuckled again, imaging the two of them dancing together. Ally glared at him yet again and continues. "And then we talked and oh my gosh he gave the sweetest apology and then he told me . . . he told me that he loves me . . . " Ally stared at the corner of the room with a preoccupied look in her eyes, analyzing what had happened. Austin shifted uncomfortably. He knew that for an old romantic like Ally saying "I love you" was a big step in a relationship. "He didn"t really give me a chance to reply . . . He just . . . kissed me . . ." she trailed off again, replaying the night in her head, wondering what she would have said if he hadn"t kissed her then. "Hey, why don"t we take all of this love and turn it into a song?" Austin suggested, trying to avoid the love conversation with Ally. This seemed more like a Trish-and-Ally talk. Ally snapped out of her trance. "Yeah, that"s a great idea!" She began to mess around with the piano keys trying to find a good melody. Suddenly, the pair heard yelling from downstairs. They glanced at each other before running down to find Trish in her pajamas and Dez dressed in orange pants and a yellow T-shirt that read "CHEESE." "What are you guys doing here?" Ally asked trying to get their attention but to n